Add Contributing guide (#19)
data-umbrella/data-umbrella-website: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Installation
Instructions to build and test the [dev.dataumbrella.org](https://dev.dataumbrella.org/) site locally.

## Installing Ruby & Jekyll
If this is your first time using Jekyll, please follow the [Jekyll docs](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/) and make sure your local environment (including Ruby) is setup correctly.

## Deployment
To run the theme locally:
1. Navigate to the theme directory `snowlake-v1.2` and run `bundle install` to install the dependencies (if you get errors, delete Gemfile.lock and try again). 
2. Next, run `bundle exec jekyll serve` to start the Jekyll server.
3. Visit the site in your browser via [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000).

### Theme Documentation

> This uses [Snowlake theme](https://jekyllthemes.io/theme/snowlake-website-jekyll-theme). For more information on configuration/customization, please navigate to [Documentation](https://github.com/data-umbrella/data-umbrella-website/tree/main/Documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This website uses the [Snowlake theme](https://jekyllthemes.io/theme/snowlake-website-jekyll-theme). For more information on configuration/customization, navigate to [Documentation](https://github.com/data-umbrella/data-umbrella-website/tree/main/Documentation).
```

# Workflow to Contribute

> Please note that Pull requests are to be raised on  **main branch**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that pull requests (PRs) are to be submitted to the `main` branch.
```

We follow the ["fork and pull" Git workflow](https://github.com/susam/gitpr)

> 1. Create a github account in case you dont have one already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a [GitHub account](https://github.com/).  
```

> 2. Fork the repository to your own Github account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fork the repository to your own GitHub account.
```

> 3. Clone the project to your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Clone the project to your local machine.
```

4. Setup an upstream remote using `git remote add upstream git@github.com:data-umbrella/data-umbrella-website.git`.
5. Checkout the **main** branch using `git checkout main`.

> 6. Create a branch (off of the main branch) locally with a concise name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Create a branch (off of the main branch) locally with a concise name. Example:  `git checkout -b branch_name`
```
